2026 is underway, and already, a fantastic selection of new Broadway shows has been announced. From stage adaptations of screen favorites to starry plays and beyond, find out the best musicals and plays on the way to Broadway in 2026.
Every Brilliant Thing
Now Open; Closes August 9, 2026
Law & Order: SVU star Mariska Hargitay will make her Broadway debut, from May 26 through July 5, in this exhilarating and heartwarming play about a woman looking back on herlife. Black-ish star Tracee Ellis Ross then makes her Broadway debut from July 7 through August 9. Get tickets to Every Brilliant Thing on Broadway!
Death of a Salesman
Now Open; Closes August 9, 2026
Nathan Lane and Laurie Metcalf star as Willy and Linda Loman in Joe Mantello's revival of Arthur Miller's American classic. Get tickets to Death of a Salesman on Broadway!
Dog Day Afternoon
Now Open; Closes July 12, 2026
The Bear's Jon Bernthal and Ebon Moss-Bachrach star in Stephen Adly Guirgis' raw and gritty new play. Get tickets to Dog Day Afternoon on Broadway!
Giant
Now Open; Closes June 28, 2026
John Lithgow reprises his Olivier Award-winning performance as children's author Roald Dahl on Broadway following an acclaimed West End run. Get tickets to Giant on Broadway!
Cats: The Jellicle Ball
Now Open
The drag and ball culture-inspired take on Andrew Lloyd Webber's classic musical arrives on Broadway following a successful off-Broadway run. Get tickets to Cats: The Jellicle Ball on Broadway!
Becky Shaw
Now Open; Closes June 14, 2026
Gina Gionfriddo's razor-sharp dark comedy set in the dating world makes its Broadway premiere.
The Rocky Horror Show
Now Open; Closes November 29, 2026
Let's do the time warp again! Cult favorite rock musical The Rocky Horror Show returns to Broadway at the iconic Studio 54. Get tickets to The Rocky Horror Show on Broadway!
The Fear of 13
Now Open; Closes July 12, 2026
Academy Award winner Adrien Brody and Tessa Thompson star in Lindsey Ferrentino's visceral play, inspired by the true story of Nick Yarris, a man who spent more than two decades on death row for a crime he did not commit. Get tickets to The Fear of 13 on Broadway!
Titanique
Now Open
Set sail in this campy journey through Titanic's beloved moments, featuring Céline Dion's iconic songbook. Get tickets to Titanique on Broadway!
Fallen Angels
Now Open; Closes June 7, 2026
Kelli O'Hara and Rose Byrne star in Noël Coward's sparkling, dizzying and deliciously potent comedy of bad manners. Get tickets to Fallen Angels on Broadway!
The Lost Boys, A New Musical
Now Open
Vampires are back on Broadway! The Lost Boys, A New Musical is based on the 1987 American supernatural horror-comedy of the same name, featuring music by The Rescues. Get tickets to The Lost Boys, A New Musical on Broadway!
Joe Turner's Come and Gone
Now Open; Closes July 26, 2026
Taraji P. Henson and Cedric "The Entertainer" star in the Broadway revival of August Wilson's classic, set in a Pittsburgh boarding house in 1910. Get tickets to Joe Turner's Come and Gone on Broadway!
Proof
Now Open; Closes July 19, 2026
Ayo Edebiri and Don Cheadle star in the Broadway revival of David Auburn's Pulitzer Prize-winning story of love, legacy and logic. Get tickets to Proof on Broadway!
The Balusters
Now Open; Closes June 21, 2026
Take a raucous, wild ride through a small community with big feelings in David Lindsay-Abaire's new play. Get tickets to The Balusters on Broadway!
Schmigadoon
Now Open; Closes January 3, 2027
The cult favorite TV series and love letter to Broadway's Golden Age hits the stage! Get tickets to Schmigadoon! on Broadway!
Paranormal Activity: A New Story, Live on Broadway
Previews begin August 14, 2026; Opens September 15, 2026
Be prepared for a scare! The immersive Broadway play, inspired by the hit horror film franchise of the same name, arrives on Broadway. Get tickets to Paranormal Activity on Broadway!
School Girls; Or, The African Mean Girls Play
Previews begin September 8, 2026
Jocelyn Bioh's buoyant and biting comedy exploring the universal similarities (and glaring differences) facing teenage girls across the globe arrives on Broadway. Get tickets to School Girls; Or, The African Mean Girls Play on Broadway!
Other Desert Cities
Previews begin September 29, 2026; Opens October 18, 2026; Closes January 17, 2027
Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Ed Harris, Allison Janney, Joe Keery and Lily Rabe star in the Broadway revival of Jon Robin Baitz's drama. Get tickets to Other Desert Cities on Broadway!
Wanted
Previews begin October 15, 2026; Opens November 8, 2026
A new musical telling the mostly-true story of sisters Mary and Martha Clarke, two extraordinary women who went from farm girls to outlaws to legends, arrives on Broadway. Get tickets to Wanted on Broadway!
The Fantasticks
Previews begin October 22, 2026; Opens November 16, 2026
The longest-running musical of all time comes to Broadway for the first time. Get tickets to The Fantasticks on Broadway!
Much Ado About Nothing
Previews begin October 31, 2026; Opens November 19, 2026; Closes January 10, 2027
Tom Hiddleston and Hayley Atwell star in Jamie Lloyd's joy-fueled reinvention of Shakespeare's romantic comedy. Get tickets to Much Ado About Nothing on Broadway!
Inter Alia
Previews begin November 10, 2026; Opens December 1, 2026
Rosamund Pike makes her Broadway debut in Suzie Miller's acclaimed drama, direct from London. Get tickets to Inter Alia on Broadway!
Galileo
Previews begin November 10, 2026; Opens December 6, 2026
Tony nominee Raúl Esparza stars as Italian astronomer Galileo Galilei in this electrifying and emotional new musical. Get tickets to Galileo on Broadway!
The Imaginary Invalid
Performances begin in Fall 2026
Bill Irwin stars in this razor-sharp adaptation of Molière's classic comedy that proves hypochondria never goes out of style. Get tickets to The Imaginary Invalid on Broadway!
Dolly: A True Original Musical
Performances begin in 2026
Follow the legendary Dolly Parton from her barefoot beginnings in the Smoky Mountains of East Tennessee to performing in platform heels under the bright lights of Hollywood in this new musical, featuring all of her biggest hits.
Dreamgirls
Performances begin in Fall 2026
Tony Award-winning musical Dreamgirls returns in its first-ever newly directed and choreographed Broadway revival.
860
Performances begin in Fall 2026
Tony and Emmy Award winner Billy Crystal returns to Broadway in a new solo show based around the home his family lost in the Palisades fires. Get tickets to 860 on Broadway!
As always, whether you purchase online via our website or app or by talking to one of our customer representatives at 1-800-BROADWAY, all tickets are official Broadway tickets and 100% guaranteed. Our terrific Broadway.com customer service team is available to answer any questions you have and help you with your order. We hope you enjoy the show!