All 30 of This Season's New Broadway Shows, Ranked
The 2025-2026 class of Tony Award-eligible shows included Ragtime, Mamma Mia!, Titanique, and Beaches (RIP).
On Sunday, all of Broadway’s finest will converge on the Radio City Music Hall for the 2026 Tony Awards. While I am not a Tonys voter, I am cosplaying as one, and so spent the last year attempting to see every single show that opened on Broadway. I attended press performances, I entered digital lotteries, and, of course, I did a bit of in-person rushing with a bagel and a book (one of my favorite NYC pastimes). I even showed up to the Hudson Theatre at 2 a.m. to take part in the Daniel Radcliffe/Every Brilliant Thing rush line arms race (which I won).
While I have written about Broadway for several outlets this year and interviewed several Tony nominees, I felt like I owed it to myself, and you dear readers, to compile all of my findings in one place, and so I have ranked all 30 Tony Award-eligible shows from the 2025-2026 season.
A few quick notes before we get started:
I only ranked the new musicals and plays. While I saw Jeff Ross’s stand-up set, that’s not included here, nor are All Out or Rob Lake’s Muppet show.
I also didn’t count Beetlejuice’s return to Broadway. I saw this during its original run, and the return wasn’t Tony Award eligible.
While I had previously seen Titanique and Cats: The Jellicle Ball Off-Broadway (I’m gay), I’m here only considering their Broadway runs.
Onwards and upwards to the Heaviside Layer!
2025-2026 New Broadway Shows, Ranked From Worst to Best
Honorable Mention: Little Bear Ridge Road
Tony Nominations: 1 — Best Play
Okay, so I lied. I didn’t actually see every new show that debuted this season. While I had plans to see Little Bear Ridge Road back in December, I got sick and then the show closed, so I didn’t end up seeing this one and can’t rank it. It is very bizarre though that Little Bear Ridge Road was nominated for Best Play, and yet not a single other aspect of the production caught the eye of Tony voters.
(As an aside, my first boss out of college, however, told me that I looked like Micah Stock, which I’ve taken as a compliment. Sound off in the comments if you have opinions about that.)
29. Call Me Izzy
Tony Nominations: 0
While I certainly support Jean Smart winning another Emmy for her work in Hacks, Call Me Izzy was one of the most baffling pieces of theater I’ve seen on Broadway. Smart played an aging woman with an abusive husband who hides from him in the bathroom and writes stories on toilet paper at night. The play itself, laden with stereotypes and confusingly written by a man, combined with Smart’s thick southern accent, left the production DOA. Smart breaking her leg early in the run and performing on crutches in the back half certainly didn’t help. I’d argue Smart was better in her featured role in The Kid than in this show.
28. The Queen of Versailles
Tony Nominations: 0
The Queen of Versailles was a Frankenstein’s monster of problems. The songs were deeply forgettable. The characters were confusing. The story was dated, and no amount of Kristen Chenoweth’s charm could resurrect it from the dead. The real coup de grace, however, was that the elitist, out-of-touch subjects of the 2012 documentary, on which the musical is based, were producers of the show. So while the musical certainly pokes fun at these wealthy characters, it also sought to humanize them in a way that felt at odds with the eat-the-rich true story at the show’s heart.
27. Waiting for Godot
Tony Nominations: 1 — Best Featured Actor (Brandon J. Dirden)
Truly no idea what was happening during 3/4 of this show. I’m not sure if it was how Samuel Beckett’s play was edited down for this production, the performances from Alex Winter and Keanu Reeves, or just the nature of Godot, but this was a rough sit. Multiple people around me left during intermission, no one was laughing, and the droning music gave me a headache. There was at least a cohesive vision here, but boy, I felt like I was watching a movie in a foreign language without subtitles.
26. Art
Tony Nominations: 0
Is it a masterpiece or is it a white canvas? Anyone who has been to an art museum with their parents (“I could paint that”) understands the premise of this play, written in the 1990s. I have no idea why this was resurrected in 2026. James Corden had a very impressive monologue in the middle that I’m sure high school students will be weaponizing at comedic oral interp competitions, but otherwise, it just felt stale.
25. Beaches
Tony Nominations: 0
While I do credit Beaches with keeping Jessica Vosk off the streets briefly, it, like Queen of Versailles, didn’t arrive on Broadway with a single hummable tune in the show. These movie-to-stage adaptations have to learn that the songs need to be good in order to support a Broadway run. Honestly, if the songs are good, the show can be about any topic in the world (look at Hadestown and The Book of Mormon), but if they are bad, there is no point. Vosk persevered valiantly, and her singing “Wind Beneath My Wings” was enough to drag this a few spots up the list, but like Bertie White, this show died an early death.
24. Punch
Tony Nominations: 1 — Best Actor (Will Harrison)
While Punch told an interesting story about a British man involved in a bar fight accident, boasted strong performances from Will Harrison and Victoria Clark, and utilized its ensemble well, the show ultimately felt like a PSA. I’m not quite sure that the New York Broadway community needed to learn that you could kill someone with a single punch. I’m envisioning Nathan Lane in The Birdcage trying to land a solid whack on anyone, but I’m glad I now know to restrain my fists.
23. Ragtime
Tony Nominations: 11 — Best Revival of a Musical, Actor (Joshua Henry), Actor (Brandon Uranowitz), Actress (Caissie Levy), Featured Actor (Ben Levi Ross), Featured Actress (Nichelle Lewis), Direction, Costume Design, Lighting Design, Sound Design, Choreography
Controversial opinion! I did not like Ragtime one bit. 1) Why is it called Ragtime and yet doesn’t include any dancing to ragtime music? 2) Why do some of the characters have real names and then we have to refer to another as “Mother’s Younger Brother”? 3) This would have been better if it was just about Coalhouse, and we didn’t have the white savior plotline. 4) Lincoln Center productions are always so bare-bones. 5) WHERE WAS THE DANCING? I didn’t like this. Sorry, not sorry.
22. Chess
Tony Nominations: 5 — Best Actor (Nicholas Christopher), Featured Actor (Bryce Pinkham), Featured Actress (Hannah Cruz), Lighting Design, Orchestrations
Did the plot make an ounce of sense? No. But were all the songs from the ABBA songwriters bangers? Yes. Lea Michele not getting a Tony nomination when three of her cast members did will never not be funny, even though I’ve listened to her version of “Nobody’s Side” about 500 times. Honestly, someone should put the music from Chess into the story of Beaches. It’d be a perfect musical.
21. Mamma Mia!
Tony Nominations: 0
Speaking of ABBA songs. Mamma Mia! is a perfect musical. I don’t care that this revival was using sets that they stole from an Ohio middle school production. The songs are great. Everyone in the theater was amped and dancing. The cast was having a ball. Donna and the Dynamos forever!