Hawkins, Indiana, got turned upside down long before the events of Netflix's Stranger Things. In this theatrical prequel to the hit show, teenage versions of fan-favorite characters deal with the arrival of a newcomer named Henry Creel, who upends all their lives.
Broadway is famous for its long-running hit musicals, its plays are just as exciting. Many successful musicals stick around for decades, but plays regularly rotate, ensuring there's always a new show to discover. Plus, you can often catch celebrities in Broadway plays — but only for a limited time.
Check out the top Broadway plays to see right now, including starry revivals of classic plays and fan-favorite modern hits. And for a limited time only, save on tickets to these shows and more during New York Theatre Guide's Black Friday sale — browse the complete Black Friday sale page.
Need more info on Broadway shows, theatres, and tickets? Be sure to check out our complete guide to Broadway.
Summary
- Acclaimed Broadway plays in New York include Waiting for Godot; Oh Mary!; Liberation; Harry Potter and the Cursed Child; Marjorie Prime; and Stranger Things: The First Shadow
Stranger Things: The First Shadow
Every Brilliant Thing
The Fear of 13
Joe Turner's Come and Gone
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child
Proof
Dog Day Afternoon
Fallen Angels
Becky Shaw
The Balusters
Oh, Mary!
Giant
Death of a Salesman
Mariska Hargitay (from May 26 to July 5) and Tracee Ellis Ross (from July 7 to August 9) make their Broadway debuts in this solo play about the things that make life worth living. In Every Brilliant Thing, each actress plays a woman who makes a list of such things: first for her mom, then for herself, and now for us, as her story involves plenty of audience interaction.
Get Every Brilliant Thing tickets now.
See Adrien Brody and Tessa Thompson make their Broadway debuts in this new drama inspired by the true story of Nick Yarris (Brody). The Pennsylvania writer wrongfully spent 20 years on death row and, with the help of prison volunteer Jackie Schaffer (Thompson) and groundbreaking DNA evidence, finally achieved freedom again.
Get The Fear of 13 tickets now.
See Taraji P. Henson and Cedric "The Entertainer", together playing a couple who runs a boardinghouse turned upside down with the arrival of a man looking for himself after an illegal enslavement. August Wilson's classic story of connection, identity, and healing marks Henson's Broadway debut.
Get Joe Turner's Come and Gone tickets now.
Unlock your 24-hour New York City itinerary
Unlock your exclusive guide, full of the best attractions, food, free events and more.
09:00
Breakfast at Liberty Bagels
Regularly named one of the city’s best bagel shops, the unassuming Liberty Bagels is the perfect spot to get a classic NYC breakfast sandwich.
10:00
Macy’s Herald Square
One of the world’s largest stores, Macy’s is a sight to behold, especially when it’s decked out for the holidays.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child has put Broadway audiences under its spell since 2018. Harry Potter fans will recognize all their favorite characters, and some new ones, in this stage sequel to the books centered on the next generation of wizards.
And even non-Potterheads are bound to be amazed by the daring plot about time travel and the unbelievable special effects. All together, the performances and stagecraft of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child will make you believe magic — or theatre magic, at least — is real.
See Don Cheadle and Ayo Edebiri in their Broadway debuts, playing father and daughter in David Auburn's Pulitzer- and Tony-winning play. Catherine (Edebiri) discovers the cost of proving herself when she sets out to verify the true authorship of her late, genius dad's (Cheadle) work without going down the dark path that ruined him.
Get Proof tickets now.
The Bear Emmy winners Jon Bernthal and Ebon Moss-Bachrach make their Broadway debuts in this adaptation of the hit 1975 film. Inspired by a true story, Dog Day Afternoon follows a pair of would-be bank robbers whose plan flies wildly off the rails and sends the nation into a frenzy.
Get Dog Day Afternoon tickets now.
A classic Noël Coward comedy that sparkles like champagne, Fallen Angels stars Rose Byrne and Kelli O'Hara as two married women with the same former lover. It's all in the past until it's not, when he decides to pay a visit.
Get Fallen Angels tickets now.
A Pulitzer Prize finalist, Gina Gionfriddo's Becky Shaw finally makes its Broadway debut after more than 15 years. Following a blind date that goes spectacularly haywire, this dark comedy might make you swear off dating for a while.
Get Becky Shaw tickets now.
The newest comedy play on the block is David Lindsay-Abaire's The Balusters, starring Richard Thomas, Margaret Colin, Anika Noni Rose, and more as members of a small neighborhood association with big opinions. Turmoil erupts when one person suggests the unthinkable: putting a stop sign on the area's prettiest corner.
Get The Balusters tickets now.
Search Party's Cole Escola penned this wacky comedy that brings the White House to Broadway following a sold-out Off-Broadway premiere. A rotating lineup of stars play Mary Todd Lincoln — a silly, alcoholic, lustful Mary Todd Lincoln with dreams of being a cabaret star. Her life turns on its head in the weeks leading up to her husband's assassination.
Get Oh, Mary! tickets now.
All comedies
John Lithgow is a stage and screen giant, so it's only fitting that he plays a literary one, too. In Giant, he reprises his award-winning performance from London as Roald Dahl, who enters a battle of wits in both public and private in response to one of his articles deemed antisemitic.
Get Giant tickets now.
One of the most celebrated plays in American theatre history is back, with stage and screen titans Nathan Lane and Laurie Metcalf at its center. They lead the latest revival of Arthur Miller's Death of a Salesman, a searing portrait of the American dream and one family who just can't reach it.
Get Death of a Salesman tickets now.
- 1
‘Celebrity Autobiography’ on Broadway by the numbers
- 2
2026 Tony Awards performances announced
- 3
2026 Tony Awards presenters announced
- 4
Joey Fatone and Paulo Szot to return to '& Juliet' on Broadway
- 5
Reimagined 'Fantasticks,' Pulitzer finalist 'Gloria' in Second Stage Theater's 2026-27 season
- 6
'Paranormal Activity' Broadway cast announced
- 7
Jessica Hecht, Danny Burstein, Jeremy Shamos to star in 'Awake and Sing!' Broadway revival
- 8
My New York: Maya Boyd shares her favorite NYC spots
- 9
Your guide to Broadway proshots
- 10
27 things to do in NYC this month