I’ve Seen 36 Broadway Shows in the Last Year—Here Are My Top Summer Picks
With 40 shows currently playing on Broadway, here are 10 picks for the summer of 2026.
By
Rachel Chang
Rachel Chang
Rachel Chang is a travel and pop culture journalist who contributes to Travel + Leisure, Condé Nast Traveler, Lonely Planet, and more.
Travel + Leisure Editorial Guidelines
Published on June 2, 2026
The cast of "Schmigadoon" appears onstage during curtain call.
Credit:
Alessandra Amodio/Travel + Leisure
Sure, there’s the Empire State Building, Central Park, and the Statue of Liberty—but no New York City visit is complete without taking in a Broadway show. With
40 current productions
playing in the lead-up to the Tony Awards on June 7, this summer’s slate includes a richly diverse mix of shows to choose from.
There are long-running classics (like "The Lion King,” “Wicked,” and “Hamilton"), inventive revivals (“Chess” and “Cats: The Jellicle Ball"), and fresh shows (“Buena Vista Social Club,” “Death Becomes Her,” and “The Outsiders”). Other musicals feature familiar hits, like “& Juliet,” “Moulin Rouge,” and “MJ The Musical” (or twists on them like in "Titanique"), while others introduce catchy new songs like “The Lost Boys,” “Maybe Happy Ending,” and “Six." There are also acclaimed plays like “Death of a Salesman” and “Proof," plus tons of celebrity names gracing the stages, including
Tom Felton
stepping back into his iconic role of Draco Malfoy in “Harry Potter and Cursed Child,” Nathan Lane and Laurie Metcalf in “Death of a Salesman,” and
Maya Rudolph
in “Oh, Mary!”
With so much enticing live theater, picking the right show can be a challenge, especially when you’re only visiting for a few days. Growing up on the West Coast, I used to borrow Broadway soundtracks from the library—and as soon as I moved to NYC 23 years ago, seeing shows became routine. In the last few years, I’ve revved up my pace, seeing 50 theatrical shows in New York City in the last 12 months, 36 of them on Broadway.
While I’m a firm believer that there is a show for every person, here are my top 10 picks for Broadway shows to see this summer.
“The Lost Boys”
Signage during "The Lost Boys" musical opening night on Broadway at The Palace Theatre.
Bruce Glikas/Getty Images
Palace Theatre
Through March 7, 2027
The cult following behind the 1987 vampire comedy film
“The Lost Boys”
has followed the story to the musical stage, in such a rousing spectacle that the audience was hooting and hollering throughout the 1,610-seat theater the night I was there. After all, it’s the blood-thirsty teen lust of “Twilight” mixed with the bad-boy crowd of “West Side Story." So it's no surprise that it's one of two shows with
12 Tony nominations
, including for best actress in a musical for
Shoshana Bean
and best featured actor for
Ali Louis Bourzgui
—and the show was just extended through early March.
“Two Strangers (Carry a Cake Across New York)”
Longacre Theatre
Through Nov. 22, 2026
There’s a simplicity to
“Two Strangers (Carry a Cake Across New York)”
that can only be described as refreshing. When starry-eyed British tourist Dougal meets New York City cynic Robin, the unlikely pair forge a deep connection through the most mundane of errands in a heartwarming musical that has garnered eight nominations. But what really tugged at me was the performance from the two-person cast of Sam Tutty and Christiani Pitts, which had me Googling both "strangers" all the way home.
“Schmigadoon!”
The cast of "Schmigadoon" appears onstage during curtain call of "Schmigadoon" Broadway opening night at Nederlander Theatre.
Valerie Terranova/Getty Images
Nederlander Theatre
Through Jan. 3, 2027
Despite never seeing an episode of the Apple TV musical comedy series from
Saturday Night Live
creator Lorne Michaels, I couldn't help but grin ear-to-ear throughout the entire two-and-a-half-hour stage adaptation of
“Schmigadoon!,”
which follows a bickering couple who get trapped in a world of Broadway musicals. Here you get everything you want in a show: visually dazzling numbers harkening back to the Golden Age, sprinkled with the sharp humor and quotable one-liners of “Shucked!” It's the other show with
12 Tony nominations
, including best actress in a musical for
Sara Chase
and best featured musical actress for
SNL
alum
Ana Gasteyer
. And it’s a front-runner to take home the best musical trophy.
“Ragtime”
Lincoln Center’s Vivian Beaumont Theater
Through Aug. 2, 2026
With 11 Tony nominations, this revival of
“Ragtime”
is more than a musical—it’s an epic adventure through the promises of the American Dream in the early 20th century. Even from my last-row balcony seat, my fellow audience members were sniffling and wiping away tears from the stirring story and soundtrack, especially
Joshua Henry
’s spine-tingling vocals with “Make Them Hear You.” Equally riveting are Brandon Uranowitz and Caissie Levy, all top Tony contenders.
“Just In Time”
Matthew Morrison performs as "Bobby Darin" during the curtain call for "Just in Time".
Bruce Glikas/Getty Images
Circle in the Square Theatre
Through Sept. 6, 2026
When Broadway’s most charming leading man, Jonathan Groff, originated the lead role in Bobby Darin’s life story
“Just in Time”
last year, he joked on stage that the show takes place in “the basement of ‘Wicked.’” The subterranean theater-in-the-round has been transformed into a modern-day Copacabana, an immersive nightclub playground where the cast prance in, around, and through the audience while recounting the life of one of America’s most beloved—and underrated—stars, in a tale so riveting that one audience member audibly screamed out loud at one revelation. I had seen it twice with Groff and swore I wouldn’t see it with anyone else, but couldn’t resist seeing it again now that my other longtime Broadway favorite,
Jeremy Jordan
, is donning the suave fedora. He brings his heart-tugging vocals to throwback hits like “Splish Splash” and “Mack the Knife,” truly winning me over when he shouted out his star-making role in my all-time favorite musical, “Newsies.” And Olivia Holt just took over as Connie Francis for Isa Briones, starting last weekend.
'Aladdin' on Broadway Star Michael James Scott on the Magic of Performing Around the World and Life As an LGBTQ Traveler
40 of the Best Things to Do in New York City
“Every Brilliant Thing”
Daniel Radcliffe performs during the opening night curtain call for the play "Every Brilliant Thing".
Bruce Glikas/Getty Images
Hudson Theatre
Through Aug. 9, 2026
The most brilliant thing about
“Every Brilliant Thing”
is that it’s more than a show—it’s an experience. I snagged a stage seat to the very first public performance back in March, and just as I was sitting down, I realized that the figure darting around the theater was none other than Daniel Radcliffe himself. As it turns out, he was casting his own costars for the 85-minute solo show, which beams a light into the depths of depression. (Read about how I ended up in the backseat of his car in my
recent
Travel + Leisure
story
.) With about 80 audience members given lines and a handful of others taking on more significant roles, it mixes a scripted play with improv.
Mariska Hargitay
now helms the show through July 5, with
Tracee Ellis Ross
taking over starting July 7.
“Oh, Mary!”
Cheyenne Jackson, Maya Rudolph, Phillip James Brannon, and Bianca Leigh during Rudolph's first curtain call as she makes her Broadway debut as "Mary Todd Lincoln" in "Oh, Mary!".
Bruce Glikas/Getty Images
Lyceum Theatre
Through Jan. 3, 2027
There’s a ridiculousness about obsessing over bratty curls and cabaret dreams in “Oh, Mary!” that has created a new brand of humor, fully attributed to the wacky, brilliant mind of playwright and original star Cole Escola. Born of an email idea they sent to themself in 2009 and
let marinate for more than a decade
, the 80-minute romp is a constant flow of shocking laughs and hilarious gasps through an alternative history of Mary Todd Lincoln, wife of 16th president Abraham Lincoln, who’s simply called “Mary’s Husband.” It's such a ride that I've seen it three times already.
Maya Rudolph
dons the wig through July 5 and then passes it on to
Hacks
star
Meg Stalter
. And if you make it across the pond to London, Escola just announced they’ll reprise the starring role in their West End debut from July 20 to Aug. 15.
“The Great Gatsby”
The Broadway Theatre during "The Great Gatsby" Broadway Opening Night.
Dia Dipasupil/Getty Images
Broadway Theatre
Through Jan. 3, 2027
I first saw this revival's pre-Broadway run out in New Jersey’s Papermill Playhouse; I was intrigued by the combination of “Newsies” standout Jeremy Jordan and “Hadestown” breakout
Eva Noblezada
—and have then seen it twice more since its 2024 Broadway debut.
“The Great Gatsby”
is always one of the top shows I recommend to visitors for a true musical experience—there’s the familiar storyline of the F. Scott Fitzgerald book combined with song-and-dance numbers that put the razzle dazzle in Broadway, plus the stunning set and costumes of the Roaring '20s. And this summer, the show features its starriest cast yet, with Noblezada back as Daisy with real-life husband Reeve Carney as the titular character and
High School Musical
alum
Corbin Bleu
as Nick Carraway.
“Maybe Happy Ending”
Belasco Theatre
Through Nov. 22, 2026
The darling of the 2025 Tony Awards, where it scored six trophies,
“Maybe Happy Ending”
continues to power up Broadway with the unlikely tale of romance between two fading robots. Yes, I was skeptical too when I first heard the sci-fi premise, but what’s remarkable about the show, which first debuted in Korea, is how human it is. The Helperbots Oliver and Claire start out in Seoul, just waiting out their days, until a grand adventure to the dreamy Jeju Island changes their perspectives, with the help of a lovable sidekick, a plant named HwaBoon.
"Cats: The Jellicle Ball"
A view of atmosphere at Cats: The Jellicle Ball at Broadhurst Theatre.
Bennett Raglin/Getty Images for The Chi
Broadhurst Theatre
Through Jan. 17, 2027
This is not your mother’s “Cats.” You’ll still get moving renditions of “Memory” from “Tempress” Chasity Moore, but the fierce factor is completely cranked up, especially from 80-year-old
André De Shields
as Old Deuteronomy. Sitting in a stage seat, I was right in the middle of the action of the nine-time Tony-nominated
"Cats: The Jellicle Ball"
, with The Jellicles often waving and winking to me on their way on and off the runway, and my fellow audience members screaming and flicking fans in the ultimate Broadway party. The show just announced an extension into next year.
Read More:
Trip Ideas
Attractions
Theater + Dance